readme file was filled (#1)
SergiiSV/taxi-service: README.md

# Taxi Service
It's an application that can provide basic functionality for the creation of taxi service.

## Application provides next opportunities:
- Register
- Login

> - Add new car manufacturer and car

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new manufacturer and car
```

- See all information about drivers, manufacturers, cars
- Delete unnecessary driver, manufacturer, car

## During development were used next design rules:
- N-tier architecture software design principle: program divided into 3 levels: controllers, service, DAO
- SOLID principles
- Dependency injection

## There are technologies that were used:
- Java 11
- JDBC
- Servlet

> - TOMCAT 9.0.50

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tomcat 9.0.50
```

>  #**Taxi Service**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 # Taxi Service
```

> **Taxi-service application** - is an application which can provide basic functionality for creation of taxi service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's an application that can provide basic functionality for the creation of a taxi service.
```

> **Application provides next opportunities:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Application provides next opportunities:
```
the same with others

> - Authentication service which provide using of application only by registered users;
> - Register new driver or Login service if driver exist;
> - Register new car manufacturer;
> - Register new car;
> - Create relations between car and its manufacturer;
> - Create relations between cars and their drivers;
> - Possibility to see all information about drivers, manufacturers, cars;
> - Possibility to delete unnecessary driver, manufacturer, unused car.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Register
- Login
- Add new car manufacturer and car
- See all information about drivers, manufacturers, cars
- Delete unnecessary driver, manufacturer, car
```

**During development were used next design rules:**
- N-tier architecture software design principle: program divided on 3 level: controllers, service, DAO;
- SOLID principles;

> - dependency injection through fields injection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dependency injection 
```

**There are technology which were used:**

> - Java 11;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Java 11
```
the same with others

- JDBC;
- Servlet;

> - Webserver TOMCAT 9.0.50;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tomcat 9.0.50;
```

- MySQL 8.0.27;
- JSTL;
- JSP;
- HTML, CSS.

**Required steps before start the application:**
- install IntelliJ IDEA ultimate version;
- install MySQL and MySQL workbench. Collect some data that you need in the next step. Use _resources/init_db.sql_ to create schema at database. Pay attention: if you have schema with name "taxi" it will be replaced; 
- Fulfill URL, USERNAME, PASSWORD, JDBC_DRIVER fields at _java/taxi/util/ConnectionUtil_ class, to make connection to your database.;
- download Tomcat webserver. Recommended v.9.0.50 or close, but not v.10+.
- connect and configure Tomcat inside application;

> - download all Maven dependencies at _pom.xml_ file;

Reviewer: you can remove this line

> - to Logging information about logins, set correct "absolute path" on the line _File name="LogToFile" fileName="absolute path"_ to the file where to save logs at _src/main/resources/log4j2.xml_ file.

Reviewer: make a numbered list of it
